1.The Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) is a structured process that enables the production of high-quality, low-cost software, in the shortest possible production time.
2.The SDLC defines and outlines a detailed plan with stages, or phases, that each encompass their own process and deliverables.
3.The initial concept and creation of the SDLC only addressed security activities as a separate and singular task, performed as part of the testing phase.
4.Nowadays, the SDLC approach associates more with innovative solutions based on state-of-the-art technologies. However, the term “system development life cycle” was coined more than half a century ago. Back in the 1960s, IT teams started using it to define the process of building management information systems in a structured way.
5.As mentioned, the process of a system development life cycle includes several SDLC phases. The exact number of phases varies from five to seven, depending on the specifics of a system development project and a particular methodology that a team applies. 
6.better management control over the entire development project.
7.transparency and visibility of all the processesclarity of requirements
8.System analysts are individuals who deal with analysis and design techniques necessary to solve business issues using information technology.
9.The project manager can properly manage a project if deliverables are completed on time and within the budget. Sticking to a budget is easier with a well-organized plan in which you can see all the timetables and costs. Project members can submit their work to an integrated system that flags anything that is past due. When the project manager can spend less time micromanaging, he or she can spend more time improving efficiency and production.
10.Being able to identify goals also help in discovering problems clearly. A software development project can quickly become complex and overwhelming. With this life cycle, you can visualize goals, tasks, and emerging issues at every stage of the process.